feat: seamless migration to HSM/KMS (#36549)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/choose-an-edition/teleport-enterprise/gcp-kms.mdx

## Migrating an existing cluster

If you have an existing Teleport cluster it will have already created software
CA keys during its first start.
Those existing CA keys will have been used to sign all existing user and host
certificates, and will be trusted by all other services in your cluster.

> In order for the auth servers to generate new keys in GCP KMS and have them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the Teleport Auth Service to generate new keys in GCP KMS and have them
```
For consistency with the Core Concepts page.
